My first major leadership role was, I would say be being a detachment
maintenance officer onboard a a destroyer. My first operational squadron
was bigger relative to the other squadrons like it. So we had a
few extra helicopters and few extra people, so we would put helicopters
onboard smaller ships, vice aircraft carrier where the main body
of the squadron would be. I the opportunity Thio do one of those detachments
to do a detachment at least three times, but the one that
was truly most rewarding, who was when I was the detachment maintenance
officer? There was a lot of problem solving involved. There was
a lot of interacting when the enlisted sailors and you, if you do it
the right way, you find out what the enlisted sailors can teach you.
And I can tell you, without a doubt that the most important person
on that ship for the aviation folks was my chief of the maintenance
of the maintenance folks that were working for me. What you don't
truly realize when you first get in the Navy as an officer is that you
don't know everything. Um, especially when it comes to things like
aircraft maintenance So you need a lot of guidance. And the people
that give you those guidance give you that guidance. Are the chiefs
and lead petty officers that accompany you. And if you do not listen
to them, you're going to have a problem. So that was That was the
first major leadership opportunity I had, and probably one of the most
important.